UPGRADE.md, before:

# Upgrade Guide

# Beta to 1.x

## Required

- [Added a `pulse.recorders.SlowQueries.highlight` configuration option](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/172). You should update your configuration to match.
- [`pulse.ingest.trim_lottery` configuration key was renamed to `pulse.ingest.trim.lottery`](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/184). You should update your configuration to match.
- [Added a `pulse.ingest.trim.keep` configuration option](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/184). You should update your configuration to match.

## Optional

- [Auto-incrementing IDs were added to Pulse's tables](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/142). This is recommended if you are using a configuration that requires tables to have a unique key on every table, e.g., PlanetScale.
- [The TEXT columns were made MEDIUMTEXT columns in the `pulse_` tables](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/185). Recommend to support longer content values, such as long SQL queries.
- [Pulse's migrations are now published to the application](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/81). Recommend so you can have complete control over the migrations as needed.

Commit message:

[1.x] Cleanup (#356)
* Remove TODOs

* Make SQL highlighting configurable at the view layer

* Update upgrade guide

* Formatting

* Include throttle information

UPGRADE.md, after:

# Upgrade Guide

# Beta to 1.x

- [SQL highlighting configuration was moved to the dashboard component](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/356). This is required if you are disabling SQL highlighting.
- [Auto-incrementing IDs were added to Pulse's tables](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/142). This is recommended if you are using a configuration that requires tables to have a unique key on every table, e.g., PlanetScale.
- [The TEXT columns were made MEDIUMTEXT columns in the `pulse_` tables](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/185). This is recommend to support longer content values, such as long SQL queries.
- [Pulse's migrations are now published to the application](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/81). This is recommend so you can have complete control over the migrations as needed.
- [`pulse:check` now dispatches events roughly every second](https://github.com/laravel/pulse/pull/314). It is recommended to use the new `throttle` function when performing work on specific intervals.
